[SELMA]
Everything's ready!
[ALL]
Oooh!
These are all of the dishes
that I believe will sell
at a stall or rather,
the ones that will sell best.
[MARIA]
I wasn't expecting so many!
That's amazing!
I've never seen semesa used
in dumplings until now!
You've gotta share the
recipe with us, Miss Selma!
I'd be happy to!
Let's cook them together.
More food!
[MARIA] Are you really okay
with making another batch?
You intend to sell all of those?
I asked her to cook what she
thought would be popular
and she just really went for it!
Here's an idea.
So, the Semroid Troupe should be
arriving sometime tonight.
What do you say
we serve these dishes
at the welcoming party for them?
Based on their reactions,
we can narrow down what
we actually serve at our stall.
[RYOMA]
Mm-hmm.
Enjoy yourselves tonight
but try and save
some of that energy
for the welcoming
party tomorrow!
[JANE, MARIA, FINA, SELMA agree]
I'm so relieved.
Seems like the festival
has everyone excited.
That's true, however...
Not the best way
to start a sentence.
[CALLUM] It takes more than
enthusiasm to run a stall,
and even with a smaller menu,
I fear we might
still be short-staffed.
Yeah, good point.
Cooking is just one part of it.
We'll also need servers
and someone to direct
traffic if we get busy, huh?
[CALLUM] Right, which is
why I suggest we consider
hiring some temporary staff.
[RYOMA]
Hmmm...
[knock, knock]
[SERGE] Sorry to disturb you at
such a late hour, Mister Ryoma,
but I thought you
might like to meet
the leader of
the Semroid Troupe.
Ah. Come on in!
It's an honor and pleasure
to make your acquaintance,
great sage.
You know, when I learned
I'd be meeting a gifted youth,
I was thrilled!
I'm actually on
the younger side as well,
and I'm already the head
of the Semroid Troupe.
Prenance Semroid at your
service, magnificent sage!
I think the honor in
this situation is mine,
but do you think you
could maybe call me Ryoma
instead of, "sage"?
I really don't merit
a title like that, so...
Oh! How incredibly humble!
[PRENANCE]
The music box!
You invented a new way to
delicately flavor our melodies
with that exquisite
little creation!
Hence, you're a sage!
It's the only word that works.
Oh!
However, who am I to question
the desires of the great sage?
So, I shall address
you as "Mister Ryoma,"
if that is truly what you wish.
Um. It's what I wish,
so thank you.
Oh, no. If anyone's
deserving of thanks,
it is you, my fine,
modest friend.
Your pocket-sized
box will allow us
to distribute
our music far and wide.
'Tis a tiny trinket worthy
of the biggest praise.
What's more!
You kindly opened your doors
so that we could have
a comfortable greenroom.
You're as generous
as you are wise, sir.
Our entire troupe
should have come here
to express our gratitude.
I apologize for coming alone.
Forgive me.
You're fine! It's late
and you only just arrived.
I'm surprised you came at all.
I would've greeted
my pillow first and foremost.
I'll add empathetic to
your list of admirable traits.
Guess I am rather
sleepy and tense
from being alert
the entire journey.
[CALLUM]
Was there monster activity?
Yes. My troupe and
I traveled through
the southern plains to get here.
But before we left,
we were told that tunnel ants
were seen along the highway.
--[CALLUM] Oh, boy.
--[SERGE] I see.
I've heard of murder ants.
Are they as dangerous as those?
Well, not in the way
you're thinking.
You see, murder ants are hostile
to us, but tunnel ants are not.
They focus on digging
and building vast
colonies underground.
And therein lies the issue.
The tunnels they
dig hollow out the ground.
Carriages run the risk
of collapsing them
and getting trapped.
Luckily, we were able
to avoid such a disaster,
but it was quite stressful.
Ohh...
[RYOMA]
Hmmm...
I certainly hope they don't
affect the festival turnout,
or the ongoing preparations,
for that matter.
Me too, but it sounds
like something
that the Adventurer's Guild
may be working on,
and if that's the case,
I guess my schedule
for tomorrow is decided.
Very understandable. I'll take
care of the welcome party, sir,
and the shop, of course.
Bravo!
To think your wisdom and
kindness are complemented
by the valiant
soul of a warrior!
My, the gods must adore you,
Mister Ryoma!
One can always hope.
Oh. Welcome back!
Nice to see you again,
Miss Paena.
Likewise.
How can I be of service
to you, Mister Ryoma?
Do you have
any open jobs related
to the tunnel ants
spotted in the area?
Surprised the news
reached you so quickly.
Just a moment, please.
I've got listings related to
tunnel ants somewhere in here.
Ah. Please take your pick.
Great, let's see
what we got here.
Hunting ants and
locating colonies.
There's a job for
excavating colonies, too.
Out of the three different jobs,
which one could use
the most help?
Think that would be the one
that involves
locating the colonies.
It's a little time-consuming,
so it isn't that popular.
Gotcha.
Then sign me up for tracking
down some tunnel ant colonies,
if you'd be so kind.
Thanks a lot for helping out!
All right, everyone!
Keep your eyes peeled
for tunnel ant colonies!
And now, Share Sensations.
What did Miss Paena say again?
[PAENA] Tunnel ants are known
to arrange the soil they dig up
in piles all around
their colonies.
So, if you come across
some freshly disturbed dirt,
chances are there's a
colony right under your nose.
See any recently dug-up dirt?
Like that!
Oh.
Wait, I know them.
[RYOMA]
Hey!
Hey! Well, what're the odds?
Right? Looks like you're on
Adventurer's Guild
business, too.
Yup, yup. We want the
southern plains back to normal
since we pick herbs
out here all the time.
If you want somethin' done,
then do it yourself.
[RYOMA]
Yeah, I'm with you there.
[FINIA]
Wist?
Beck?
[BECK]
Me? Oh right, introductions.
This is Ryoma!
You know, that cool kid
I told you about.
Oh. This is the
super strong slime guy?
[RYOMA] Uh. I guess that's
not technically inaccurate.
Well, anyway,
I'm Ryoma Takebayashi.
It's very nice to meet you.
And I'm Finia.
Sorry, I'm shy.
Call me Ruth, okay?
And here's my sis.
His "little" sis, Rumille!
If you didn't guess,
they're also from the slums.
'Cause street rats
work better in packs!
[RYOMA]
Smart.
And judging from the
giant ant carcass on your cart,
I take it you took up the
hunting part of the request.
Uh-huh. We want their carapaces.
That's their shell.
What do you want those for?
Well, they make
for good equipment
and our big bro
is an armorsmith!
Or an apprentice to one,
at least.
But he'll make us armor
and shields for cheap
if we bring him
enough materials!
Carapaces are lighter than metal
and studier than leather, too!
But it's slim pickin's.
This is the only bounty
we could find.
I wish we knew
where they were hiding.
I know where a colony is,
so that wish is
about to come true.
See, I took on the
surveying part of the request.
Are you for real?
I'm always for real when it
comes to helping those in need.
Ya got yourself a deal!
Thank you!
You're welcome.
I'm not seein' any colony.
One second.
Let's show 'em what happens
when you meddle with metal!
[BECK, FINIA, RUMILLE, RUTH]
Whoa.
What are those things?
Dark ones are metal slimes
'n' lighter ones are iron.
You have so many, though.
[RYOMA] 'Cause they're all
gonna help find the colony.
Stand back till I say when.
Now, line up, guys!
[ALL 5]
Oh, wow.
Advance,
but proceed with caution.
Can they really help
find the colony?
It's a safe bet since slimes
are good at sensing danger.
Just watch.
Nice attack!
[RYOMA]
Okay. Your turn.
[ALL 5]
Huh?!
Hunting the ants is
the job you all took on.
I'll act as backup if you need
me, but I doubt you will.
Oh, right! Show no mercy!
[RYOMA] I shouldn't
do their work for them.
They won't learn that way.
[yells]
Are you ready?
Yeah, we'll take it
out together!
Go away! As in right now!
[RUTH, RUMILLE]
We did it!
They're doing an awesome job!
But then,
I can't simply sit around
when I also have a job to do.
Earth Needle attack!
Okay, let's head
to the next colony!
Right on!
You just lead the way, Ryoma!
[ELISE hums]
Long time no see.
[ELISE]
Stare!
That should be good. Yeah.
--[BECK] Ryoma.
--Huh?
Need help with the cart?
[BECK]
Nah, it's just getting late.
Let's head back.
Did you collect
enough materials?
Uh-huh!
This is way more than enough!
Besides, this load is all
that our little cart can handle.
[chuckles]
[WIST]
All five of us should be able
to have armor made
with this haul!
And that wouldn't be
possible without you, Ryoma.
[FINIA] Thank you
for helping us find the ants.
There's no need to thank me.
The hard part was the fighting,
and that was all you guys.
But anytime we
got in over our heads,
you and your slimes
came to our rescue.
So, thanks!
Fighting aside, we wouldn't
have made half the kills we did
if you hadn't
found the colonies!
You were like our compass!
And we're gonna
get oodles of money
because of how many ants
we managed to slay!
Now we can really enjoy
the Foundation Fest!
It'll be great!
We won't have that
much money left over.
Even with our discount, five
full sets of armor is expensive.
Then tomorrow
we'll go hunt again!
We'll make twice as much if we
snag as many as we did today!
Were you not listening?
We thanked Ryoma 'cause
he's the reason we did so well.
Without him, we won't even
find the colonies. You know?
Well, he can come,
too, of course!
Hey, stop being
so selfish, will ya?!
Whatever.
Sorry. You can forget
everything she said, Ryoma.
I'm sure you're
busy tomorrow, right?
Yes. Very much so.
I'm running a festival stall
and I have to prep.
Ah! I have an idea!
Is he really still out
adventuring?
Hi, Mister Callum.
Hello, and welcome back.
Huh?
Who are all of
these kids with you, sir?
Fellow adventurers
I happened to run into
when I was out on my job.
Think they could
be the part-timers
we hire for the stall?
Hmm...
[DOLCE]
Beck?
Huh?
[BECK]
Mister Dolce!
[CALLUM]
So then you know these children?
Oh, yeah.
I look in on these guttersnipes
sometimes. They're great.
[CALLUM]
That's convenient.
Makes my choice easy.
Since both you and
Mister Dolce can vouch for them,
I don't see an issue.
Hello, I'm Callum, the
assistant manager of this shop.
It's a pleasure.
Consider yourselves hired.
[ALL 5]
Ah!
We promise we
won't let you down, sir!
Anyways, do you think it
would be appropriate for them
to join the party tonight,
Mister Callum?
Since they're our new staff?
Yes. It is a welcome party.
[ALL 5 gasp]
You sure about that?
You met us, like,
20 seconds ago.
I assure you it's fine.
We have plenty of extra
food prepared anyway.
And besides, the whole point
was for everyone
working the festival
to get to know each other.
Now that you're hired,
that "everyone,"
includes you, of course!
Oh, yeah. We can sort out
your wages at a later date.
And, um, would you feel okay
acting as a kind of
chaperone, Mister Dolce?
Indeed. I'll introduce them
to the rest of the staff.
[RYOMA]
I appreciate it!
Shall we, Mister Callum?
We shall, Manager.
Go ahead.
It's time to get this
whole event underway.
[RYOMA]
Hello and welcome!
I'm the manager of Bamboo
Forest, Ryoma Takebayashi.
I'm so very thrilled about the
upcoming Foundation Festival,
which is why I'd like
to thank each of you
for being a part of it.
So here's to working together,
making new friends,
and memories to last.
Cheers, guys!
[EVERYONE]
Cheers!
Hope everyone came hungry.
Tonight, we have some very
special food for you all.
Please enjoy!
Those look tasty!
[PRENANCE] I must say,
this is quite the welcome.
I thank you.
I'm glad you approve.
And how are you
liking the cuisine?
It's blown my expectations away!
I can confidently say that
on behalf of all my
troupe members, too!
Just see for yourself!
Please forgive and
forget my gluttonous niece.
I'm Sordio. She's Maiya.
If you've heard of our troupe's
sword dancers, that's us.
No, I haven't.
They're such a sight to behold!
They cut a rug, among
other things, with their swords!
And you know how every
festival has its fights?
If one breaks out, do yourself
a favor and call them.
I'll try to keep that in mind.
Always nice
to have people like you.
Now I feel reassured.
Good, and he wasn't
just being polite,
so please call on Maiya or me
for anything you need.
Call on me for what? Seconds?
No, dear, in case he needs some
extra security at his event.
Oh, gotcha.
At your service, bossman, sir.
Whoever catered
deserves a raise!
Shouldn't stop introductions to
give a food review, good grief.
Eating with such gusto
is a compliment!
That said, it might be a
good idea to save a little room.
We haven't brought
out dessert yet!
What? Dessert?
How is that saving room?
[MAIYA]
S'gotta be room on my plate
before it gets to my stomach.
[SORDIO]
Hmmm...
[BECK]
Hmm? What're these balls?
Semesa dumplings,
and they're good.
You should try one!
Yummy!
[RUTH]
Mmm...
Wow! This is really good!
[RUMILLE]
Mmm!
I like the texture, too!
There's plenty more,
so eat your fill!
I see. How's such
a thing done, though?
[BECK] Ryoma, has anybody told
you how awesome you are today?
Well, it's not like
I do everything by myself.
I'm only where I am today
because others supported me.
They support you
'cause you're cool!
And one of the strongest
people I've ever seen!
[RUTH] You did take out those
tunnel ants with one attack.
Uh, hey, so,
what's the big secret
behind your strength,
huh, Ryoma?
--Hmm?
I'm curious what
made you think to ask.
It's 'cause, I, eh,
I was just wondering
what goes through your head
when you fight or
if you ever get scared.
[RYOMA]
Ah. That's right.
Bingo.
Man, I hate it when
you act like a wimp.
Oh, sorry.
But, yeah, do you?
Well, let's see.
I really don't give myself time
to be afraid in a fight.
Too busy concentrating
on what my next move'll be.
That's really all it is?
But don't let it get you down!
After enough training
and experience,
I just know you'll overcome
all your fears eventually!
Hard work is key, though!
It also doesn't hurt to
have a great group of friends
who will have your back.
[gasps]
And that's an indisputable fact!
We'll always
be here for you, pal.
Always.
The same way
you're there for us!
Mm. Right.
Sorry 'bout that.
If I could've given you
a heads up, I would've.
It's fine. I'm the
one who asked you
to hire more staff
for the festival.
Thank you for
delivering so quickly.
Efficient as always, sir.
You know what, though?
[RYOMA]
Hmm?
[CALLUM] Our little shop has
grown by leaps and bounds.
Back when my sister
and I first arrived here,
I never dreamed I'd be working
with so many people.
Or that they'd be so wonderful.
[RYOMA]
Yeah.
We've grown into something good.
Dear Lady Eliaria Jamil,
we held a party to better
acquaint my staff
with the troupe performing
here for the festival,
and it went off without a hitch!
The big turnout made me
realize how many people
I have in my life
that I consider friends.
You're one of
those dear friends,
which is why I hope
you'll make your own
party-sized group of
schoolmates at the academy.
I know you're worried,
but you've got this!
Trust me.
[RYOMA]
I'll be rooting for you, Elia!
All right!
Guess this is goodbye!
Before you go, Elia,
promise me you'll send a letter
if anything happens, okay?
Wait. Just send me
letters regardless!
One a day, if you want to!
Though this is quite endearing,
you're worrying her.
And she doesn't need that.
In fact, she's the one
who's acting like an adult.
At least, right now.
[sighs] Have a heart, Dad.
[BOTH chuckle]
[ELIARIA giggles]
Finally, there's that
gorgeous smile once again.
A sweet parting gift.
Brilliantly done, my darling!
You said all of that just
to make her smile!
Um... Yes, that was the plan.
Glad you caught on.
Was that honestly your plan?
Ahem! Well, anyway,
have a safe journey.
Enjoy your new school.
Please do!
We know you'll study hard, but
try and have a little fun, too.
That's right.
And though being the
duke's daughter has its perks,
you might attract some
unwanted attention, my dear.
But I'm sure you'll
handle it with ease.
Agreed.
My lady is a remarkable
judge of character, is she not?
Which is why none of us
have anything to worry about.
I think she's become
quite capable.
[ELIARIA]
Mm-hmm!
Mm.
Get going while the day's young.
Okay then!
Without further ado,
I'm headed off to the academy!
[ALL 3]
Mm.
[REINHART]
Hughes. Camil.
We're counting on you!
[ELIARIA]
I'll do my best!
Just like Mister Ryoma!